{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"# The Donut Quiz\n\n### What is this?\nThis is a simple quiz about Javascript the programming language. \nIt containes five questions, one of them really tricky but the rest should be simple enough if you know anything about Javascript or how to find its documentations. \n\n### Why is this?\nThis quiz was created of me for exercise purposes and also for the fun of it.\n\n### Techniques used\nThe practice contains Html, Css, Bootstrap, Javascript, Git, GitHub, AWS cloud 9 and also some Adobe Illustrator. \n\n1. HTML5 - The latest version of Hypertext Markup Language, markup languge which controls the structur of the webpage.\n2. CSS3 - Cascading Style Sheets is what makes it look good, also controls positions and other good stuff.\n3. Bootstrap -  The most popular CSS Framework for mobile first layouts and is saves a great deal of time in many situations.\n4. Javascript - The scripting language of the web, makes your sites dynamic and it can be used in both frontend and backend and alot more.\n5. GitHub - A geeks paradise hehe. Is it a webhosting site where u can find solutions to a great deal of problems and also just fun stuff.\n6. Git - Is a versioncontrolsystem that helps you for example to upload and download your work to/from GitHub.\n7. AWS cloud 9 - Cloudbased IDE \n8. Adobe illustrator - Software application for creating drawings, illustrations, and artwork in vectorGraphics.\n","undoManager":{"mark":-2,"position":0,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":22,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":["<<<<<<< HEAD","=======","# The Donut Quiz","","### What is this?","This is a simple quiz about Javascript the programming language. ","It containes five questions, one of them really tricky but the rest should be simple enough if you know anything about Javascript or how to find its documentations. ","","### Why is this?","This quiz was created of me for exercise purposes and also for the fun of it.","","### Techniques used","The practice contains Html, Css, Bootstrap, Javascript, Git, GitHub, AWS cloud 9 and also some Adobe Illustrator. ","","1. HTML5 - The latest version of Hypertext Markup Language, markup languge which controls the structur of the webpage.","2. CSS3 - Cascading Style Sheets is what makes it look good, also controls positions and other good stuff.","3. Bootstrap -  The most popular CSS Framework for mobile first layouts and is saves a great deal of time in many situations.","4. Javascript - The scripting language of the web, makes your sites dynamic and it can be used in both frontend and backend and alot more.","5. GitHub - A geeks paradise hehe. Is it a webhosting site where u can find solutions to a great deal of problems and also just fun stuff.","6. Git - Is a versioncontrolsystem that helps you for example to upload and download your work to/from GitHub.","7. AWS cloud 9 - Cloudbased IDE ","8. Adobe illustrator - Software application for creating drawings, illustrations, and artwork in vectorGraphics.",">>>>>>> 1d60dc9e543b5073af62a25e3f1e5e775ec58fe7"],"id":2},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":19,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":["# The Donut Quiz","","### What is this?","This is a simple quiz about Javascript the programming language. ","It containes five questions, one of them really tricky but the rest should be simple enough if you know anything about Javascript or how to find its documentations. ","","### Why is this?","This quiz was created of me for exercise purposes and also for the fun of it.","","### Techniques used","The practice contains Html, Css, Bootstrap, Javascript, Git, GitHub, AWS cloud 9 and also some Adobe Illustrator. ","","1. HTML5 - The latest version of Hypertext Markup Language, markup languge which controls the structur of the webpage.","2. CSS3 - Cascading Style Sheets is what makes it look good, also controls positions and other good stuff.","3. Bootstrap -  The most popular CSS Framework for mobile first layouts and is saves a great deal of time in many situations.","4. Javascript - The scripting language of the web, makes your sites dynamic and it can be used in both frontend and backend and alot more.","5. GitHub - A geeks paradise hehe. Is it a webhosting site where u can find solutions to a great deal of problems and also just fun stuff.","6. Git - Is a versioncontrolsystem that helps you for example to upload and download your work to/from GitHub.","7. AWS cloud 9 - Cloudbased IDE ","8. Adobe illustrator - Software application for creating drawings, illustrations, and artwork in vectorGraphics."]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":19,"column":112},"end":{"row":19,"column":112},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1565379109315}